Task 1

The line graph below illustrates changes in the population of India and China since the year 2000 and its prediction until 2050. Measure of population is billions.
Overall, from 2000 to 2025 both countries demonstrated population growth. After 2025 China's population will show mild drop and the population of India will continue increasing.
From 2000 to 2025 the number of people in China changed from approximately 1.25 billion to 1.45 billion in 2025. India's population demonstrated sharp growth at the same period from 1 billion to 1.4 billion. At the graph's beginning difference between these countries is about 250 million people or 25 percent.
After 2025 these countries will demonstrate opposite trend. Number of people in India will keep rising from 1.4 billion in 2025 to 1.6 billion in 2050. Chinese population stopped increasing in 2025 and will show declining until the end of the graph. At this time period the number of people in China will slightly reduce from 1.45 billion to 1.4 billions. At the end of the graph the Indian's population bigger than Chinese on 200 million or 20 percent.


Task 2

A lot of people say that there is no reason to learn a foreign language if a person doesn't want to travel or work in a foreign company. Others disagree with this statement and there are many points to learn it. I absolutely agree with the second opinion, because a foreign language can broaden horizons and give plenty of culture context and other opportunities.

Overall, the majority of people learn a second language only due to several benefits, namely the possibility to work in a foreign company and travel across the world. It is the most beneficial goal while learning foreign language because it provides funds and entertainment. Sometimes people don't want to be inside other nations' culture, they have only a rational goal.

However, other people believe another language can provide a lot of other advantages. For instance, a lot of countries provide free education in a national language, for example Czech Republic offers free master and bachelor degree programs only in the Czech language. Also a lot of art exists only in one language such as classic Japanese novels and non-popular books presented only in Japanese. Also with moving to another countries as a migrant you will have to understand regional laws and restrictions and often it written only in national language. As a result with knowing a foreign language there are many other reasons to learn a second language. 

To summarize, I would agree with the second statement. Foreign language is more than an opportunity to work and travel all over the world. It is an instrument to broaden horizons, learn country's culture and understand local rules.

